create:
* deleting files
* add the user name next to the curser of the person that is editing the file (maybe use different colors foe each person) - see whatsupp
* add an option to see the changes that happend from the a spacific time and date (using the changes to go back? than use LSC to show the changes) - see whatsupp
* maybe add versions - see whatsupp (save every 20 modiftions or 1 day if less modiftions) (if no modftions for a long time it wont save an till there i modiftion)


applyUpdate:
✔️ handle delete highlighted
✔️ delete empty line it connects the line above and below the deleted line - fix was (in the next row colom i did row +1 insted of row + 2)
⚪️ if end of file line (end of the file + 1) update add a line  - ?????
✔️ handle saveAll
✔️ handle 'update and delete row below' 
✔️ deleting a line (not highlight) - an empty line 
✔️ handle delete 
✔️ handle pasting -(have a problam with saving paste) when pasting more then 1 line it replaces the lines below (one line good)
✔️ fix pasting logic - handle receiving all the lines in the mid as one insert.
✔️ problam in file  = when highlighting a content and pasting (more them 1 row) the last row does not load properly
✔️ handle a new row
✔️ new row in a mid of chacters - enters paste (problam in hendling - the other client & server is not getiing the right content)
✔️ new row end of file
✔️ handle writing in the last row
✔️ fix ( does not do down a line at the 2 line ) - in paste, new row in a mid of chacters.


important:
⚪️ delete the last line - fix (when empty it is the real problam)
⚪️ when entering & to the code editor
⚪️ save the passwords encrypted hash
⚪️ remove the key when delteing file


less significant:
* what is async??? (read about it)
⚪️ fix resizing - so right panle will show all ways
⚪️ the icon is not loading
⚪️ need to not let the server acces the rest of my computer only CEOs folder and within



done:
✔️ add viewer option
✔️ logout!!!
✔️ add an option to open the version to look at and copy (show like a viewer can add togther)
✔️ problam with nodifctions for grent and revoke (but is works)
✔️ delete file
✔️ problam with new file dont know why(i think it is because of the acces)
✔️ add a check in the server side if the client is the owner of teh file before revoking or allowing acces to file
✔️ regular back ups - owner and editors can save versions (one file can only have 5 versions, when new version but 5 delete the first one )
✔️ replaces the nodifctions to the good ones (red and green)
✔️ add a refresh to the file tree
✔️ when highlighting a content and pasting - one line highlight paste problam
✔️ problam cmd/ctr z -  cmd/ctr z, after pasting highlighted (but only part of the end and first line ) - it showes only the part that was paste on (instead)
✔️ when saving the next update deos not sends
✔️ delete at the start of a line - does not work should be update and delete row below
✔️ paste listener check if in mid of row if not sends addPaste if it does send the mid content and update the lines
✔️ fix delete highlighted - deletes all the lines except the line one before the last one when delete row and a little bit.
✔️ when highlighting a content and pasting (more them 1 row) the last row does not load properly
✔️ fix in file - check the cmd/ctr z
✔️ allow the creater of the file to remove users to access file 
✔️ allow the creater of the file to allow users to access file
✔️add refresh button to the files 
✔️ fix paste func: there is a problam with the spaces for example ,if i paste normal there is a new line between the 
first line and the rest. solve(send all the lines in the mid as one insert.)
✔️ file- details needs to show role of the username (editor, owner)
✔️ creating a new file
✔️ sends the same content from data base to more than 1 time - check lock on db && lock file when writing in to it
✔️ the code editor does not show the options of completion to the word - the problam was in the css because i used (margin-top: 50px) it affected the options in the tab of completion options. i fixed it by moving the (margin-top: 50px) to the tab css 
✔️ the list of the files the user can acces on the side
✔️ when pressing on the file names need to switch to the file.
✔️ name of the file at the top
✔️ other client can see the output of the other client
✔️ other client can edit the file
✔️ change to use actions instead of sending all the content like delete (number row),change (this row), add a row and more.
✔️ add syntax highlight - monoco editor
✔️ handle disconnection
✔️ change the urls in the js files from http://127.0.0.1:8000/ to the real one.
✔️ does not send the whole js or html file - was a problem in the ready to send func
✔️ save is lag and slow  ???(could be because of the reconnection problem ) - disconnect after each request
✔️ when useing it keeps on reconnection (does not really disconnect) - disconnects after each request
✔️ it gets stuck after few inputs!!! - disconnects after each request
✔️ when pasting only pastes the line the curser was on 
✔️ inserts at the start after load, need to fix
✔️ functions that does not work: onDocumentDelete. (listener on document instead of code-editor)
✔️ does not work when deleting multiple lines (changed so when i press on delete it will check of highlighted if so updates the first line then deletes the rest)
✔️ when adding a new line in the mid of a file the data after deletes. ( added "\r")
✔️ when updating a line the rest of the data after said line.
✔️ when it disconnect i get these errors in the console log 1. Failed to load resource: net:ERR_CONTENT_LENGTH_MISMATCH  2. Error saving file: TypeError: Failed to fetch saveInput. it happens when Timeout while receiving headers - gets onr byte at a time.
✔️save is lag and slow

check on:
⚪️ need protection from code & SCL injctions. 


1. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/longest-common-subsequence-dp-4/
2. https://interviewing.io/questions/longest-common-subsequence



rsa when asking for load 
then send AES to the client to use every time its about this file
for each file different key.

also rsa when new file than the client send the AES key to server to save in db